who did you think we were gonna say this
should scare Danny if you could see
these we would not mean that I think
you're acting more like Jake if I'm
farting for 10 minutes I'd be acting
like she knows it's for posterity
purposes okay
shake your head back and forth okay chin
down
and this is the finished product of big
hair
put your chin down thank you now what
you do once you've got her like this but
you did not again okay stay there
yeah
you shook my hairdo too much okay what's
a vampire inviting what's a vampire I
think that by to learn of it become a
vampire how to do why would they bite
you yeah you get sick doing there
who's got out of here say smile ristmas
this your two front teeth I had my kiss
front desi okay we grew up thank you
are you happy princess alright say one
last time locks for love locks for love